Did You Know these interesting facts about Gilmore Girls?

1. Scott Patterson, who plays Luke, was not hired initially as a series regular. He was only signed on for the pilot episode. Although it was only after discovering the undeniable chemistry between him and Lauren Graham that he was contracted for more episodes, and quickly became a series regular.

2. Liza Weil originally tested for the role of Rory and did not get the part, but the producers liked her so much that they wrote her the role of Paris Geller.

3. Keiko Agena (Lane Kim) was 26 playing a 15-year-old in Season 1.

4. Alexis Bledel hates coffee, but Rory, her character, loves it. Whenever you see her drinking "coffee" in the series, she drinks Coca-Cola out of her cup.

5. Milo Ventimiglia and Alexis Bledel (Jess and Rory) actually dated in real life for three and a half years.

6. In a November 2020 New York Times article by Saul Austerlitz, Kelly Bishop (Emily Gilmore) recalled that when the show started filming, Alexis Bledel (Rory Gilmore) was so inexperienced as an actor that she sometimes didn't even understand which camera she should face. Bishop said, "I remember saying to Lauren at one point, 'I love when I'm watching the show, how you're always touching her,' [and Lauren] said, 'Actually, the reason I started doing that was because I wanted to get her to her mark.'"

7. A common joke is that townie Kirk Gleason (who is portrayed by Sean Gunn) is always working at a new job. In total Kirk has 62 different jobs over the course of all seven seasons.

8. When the character Brad Langford (Adam Wylie) returns to Chilton Academy after an absence of several months, he explains that he was away playing Jack in "Into the Woods" on Broadway. Wylie really was away from the series to play Jack in the 2002 Broadway revival of "Into the Woods".

9. In the show they mention Dirty Dancing (1987) several times. Kelly Bishop (Emily Gilmore) stars in the movie as Marjorie Houseman.

10. In almost every episode, the episode title is said by one of the characters.