<div class="preserve-line-breaks">
Did You Know these interesting facts about How I Met Your Mother?

1. The husbands of the three main actors have appeared on the show, each time as the significant other of another leading actor. Alyson Hannigan's husband Alexis Denisof plays Robin's coanchor Sandy Rivers; Cobie Smulders' husband Taran Killam plays Blauman, who might have a crush on Ted; and Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka plays Lily's ex Scooter.

2. The episode, The Pineapple Incident (2005), in Season 1, is the second most viewed episode of HIMYM, behind the series finale

3. Bob Saget narrated 206 episodes of the show. The only episode he didn't narrate was the final one, which was narrated instead by Josh Radnor. However, Saget returned to narrate the alternate series ending found on physical media releases and YouTube.

4. Most of the websites featured in the show such as canadiansexacts.org, stinsonbreastreduction.com, extremitiesquarterly.com and balloonexplorersclub.com are real websites. lilyandmarshallselltheirstuff.com were created for charity and items from the show were auctioned off.

5. In an online poll, Victoria (Ashley Williams) was voted the all time favorite love interest of Ted (Josh Radnor) on the show. Jeanette was voted the least favorite, while Zoey made it on to both lists.

6. In the show Ted, Lily and Marshall are the same age, but in real life Josh Radnor and Alyson Hannigan are 6 years older than Jason Segel.

7. Although singers Britney Spears and Katy Perry were two of the biggest guest stars, fashion designer Tim Gunn was the most welcomed guest star from the cast and crew. Nearly everyone on set wanted an autograph from him.
 
8. Alyson Hannigan was pregnant while filming many season four episodes, but the showrunners were not interested in her character, Lily, also being shown as pregnant. Most episodes used time-honored TV tricks to hide Hannigan's pregnancy, including baggy tops and giant handbags, but the episode The Possimpible (2009) showed Hannigan's pregnancy bump in the context of a subplot in which Lily wins a hot dog-eating contest and has a comically distended stomach afterward. After Hannigan told the showrunners that she was pregnant, Cobie Smulders discovered that she was also pregnant. Neither of the characters they play was pregnant on the show, so the costumers had the job of simultaneously hiding the pregnancies of the series' two main female actors.

9. Dave Coulier (Joey on Full House (1987)) made a cameo in an episode on Season 8 where he recites his famous "Cut It Out" line to which Bob Saget (Future Ted Narrator & Co-star alongside Coulier as Danny on Full House) narrates that part as "I always liked that joke."

10. All of Lyndsy Fonseca and David Henrie's scenes as Ted's (Josh Radnor) future children were filmed during the first season to keep them the same age throughout the series. This includes a scene for the show's final episode filmed early in the second season.
</div>