<div class="preserve-line-breaks">
Did You Know these interesting facts about The Fosters?

1. David Lambert, who plays piano prodigy Brandon Foster, was cast for the role without confirming if he even can play the piano. It turned out he is actually a good pianist.

2. Maia Mitchell and Cierra Ramirez are best friends in real life.

3. On January 3, 2018, Freeform announced that The Fosters was ending after five seasons. The series is set to conclude with a three-episode finale event to air summer 2018. The finale will also act as an introduction to a spinoff-series starring Cierra Ramirez and Maia Mitchell. The show will start with a thirteen-episode first season and will be set a few years in the future and follow Callie and Mariana, as they embark on the next phase of their young adult lives.

4. Sherri Saum (Lena Adams Foster) was pregnant in real life with twin boys around the same time that her character was pregnant on the show. However, the writers have stated that they did not write in the pregnancy due to Saum's real-life condition and that they had planned for that storyline previously.

5. Callie and Jesus barely share any dialogue in most episodes.

6. Noah Centineo took over the role of Jesus after Jake T. Austin's departure from the series in Season 3. Austin explained on Twitter a few years later that the reason for his departure was that he was asked to return only for 3 episodes in season 3.

7. Maia Mitchell, who plays Callie, is Australian. However, she uses an American accent for her character Callie's voice.

8. This marks the second collaboration between Maia Mitchell and Garrett Clayton, first being Teen Beach Movie.

9. In the beginning of the series Aiden is in the show for no more than a few minutes but his name is mention a few times throughout the show. He returns later in season 4 as a member of the robotics team with Emma, Mariana, and Jesus.

10. A handful of the actors were also in Parenthood (2010), another television series.
</div>